Hello dear friends with you Hades and
today we will see a mod for minecraft
which will allow you to move your home
let's say you want to travel on
maynkrafta the world go to the new location as well
with the house and you part also not
want with this mod you can just
teleport your house and install it
in the right place let's look at
Crafts first item and the corner
marker it is needed to move
your house
crafting it and iron bars and glass
next is the improved corner markers it
crafting from a regular corner marker
diamond and gold bullion these items
replaceable with each other that is possible
use either 1 or the other both
immediately use even completely
optional conditions only such
the fact that this item will not be
disappear when used that is
improved normal will disappear so i
it seems better to use
but if you haven't saved enough
diamond and gold bars then why
don't use normal now let's
look at gkou speaker this is also
item that is needed to transfer
he is no longer replaced by him
surely i would even say it
the most important subject of fashion and craft
he with lapis lazuli gold bars and
iron bars further we go
bluprint by the way I already surveyed once
bluprint this translates as drawing and
here, as you can see, there are some
marks that is here we have a drawing
just blue that is some
construction drawing he craft from
lapis lazuli and paper now let's
We will understand how we all the same
move our house let's for example
even
we throw this egg into the house already there
some kind of egg and chicken we ran out I
will show you that nothing is lost in us
for example there are hens in the house there are eggs
who are just lying in the chest there
things in the oven I don't even see the point of something
put because the chest there is just
happens like I am the first subject
we set house poker
preferably down the house that is
diagonally somewhere here here you
it must be established by the way
something like private territory on
servers with something but not completely further you
build some here
table to grab your home completely and
put here already some of the corner
marker let's get set
improved
and now take a piece of paper that is bluprint
kartazh let's even get out of creativity and
right click on your
block on your floor spyker he and y
speakers as you noticed everything is absolutely
all the doors are missing for some reason we
pulled out probably the doors are not transferred
but nevertheless all the same, the mod is completely
works even if the door is not transferred
why do we need doors and how do you notice us
it fell here such here
an unusual piece of paper is already a drawing with
the scheme here even says that I am
by its author and let's try
move to somewhere in our house which
Any new place somewhere on the mountain
such as the mountain pose well, somewhere
here here even here more even
playground let's go here
so we have to take our house poker
again you can by the way even that one dig up and
put it in the ground
Well, I think so better then you
take your already copied
copied drawing ie with the scheme and
right click on this
block
and you have your house completely transported
by the way there is even a door that is there
there was a jack door or something
I see, here you have all the eggs
who stayed there and even in the chest
remained the same things get
some kind of door in my way
it seems okay, I hope no one else
the doors will not be dumped all will
use mod float it is very
cool on this all here is nothing more
it doesn’t add to you was it if you
like my review and i hope it
so then like it subscribe to
channel leave your comments under
video and i wish you all good luck everyone bye